1)HTTP:
    HTTP stands for Hypertext transfer Protocol. HTTP is common for web browser. It sends clients request to the server and get back with response.
    HTTP1.1 and HTTP2  are HTTP only here 1.1 and 2 indicating versions.
    comapre with HTTP1.1,  HTTP2 have some additional features.
    HTTP1.1                                     HTTP2
   A) a)first version of HTTP                     a)Recent version of HTTP
      b)developed 1997 and still in usage.        b)developed in the year of 2015
      c)It works on the textual format            c)It works on the binary protocol.

   B) HTTP2 is much faster than HTTP1.1.
   c)HTTP2 is having more efficiency to prioritizes the content  
   D)Multiplexing: HTTP/2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource
   but HTTP1.1 load one by one resource if any one have error to load then it wil block at the stage.HTTP/2 does this by splitting data into binary-code messages and numbering these messages so that the client knows which stream each binary message belongs to.
   E)Server Push: usually server give response only for asked request this is not suite for modern webpage but HTTP2 "push" more additional information before client asks. 
   F)Header Compressor: HTTP1.1 and HTTP2 has compression method but compare with HTTP1.1 , HTTP2 using more advance Compressor method called HPACK that eliminate repeated information from header Packets.

   2)Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript
   Objects: This is a one of the main data types in javascript and forms building blocks for modern javascript.object is collection of properties.
   in primitive data type can store single value (depending on the values) but in objects can store multiple data types for ex.number,string..
   objects represntated by "key:value" format. these key are variables or functions.
   example:
  a) Create a single object, using an object literal
   let empdetails={
    fullname:"vennila",
    section:"productive section",
    joinedyear:2000;
   }

   console.log(empdetails);

   if need any one of the information we can use dot method and square brace method.
   example i need to show only joined year 
     console.log(empdetails.joinedyear);
     console.log(empdetails["joinedyear]);
b)Create a single object, with the keyword new
const student = new Object();
student.firstName = "vennila";
student.lastName = "Gomathi";
student.age = 25;
